push requirement to php 7.2 (#106)
shopwareLabs/psh: README.md

./psh build 
```

> This will create a release phar in the `build/psh.phar` directory. The project itself requires PHP7.2+. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a release phar in the `build/psh.phar` directory. The project itself requires PHP 7.2+. 
```

Author: change is in #109
